shampoo shampoo still you say but
layers you should always
laugh at yours you have to use your
voice so her hair is type 4 c
and there they are pretty sweet after
the shampoo so you 're going to separate
the hair in several parts me
I have
jacob so watch out for the trap
with the heads of type 4 c it's not
not take your hair and pull it
like that because like goat are
very few sites you want the risk
to create nodes and higher that's it
my dear delicately to you are the
patients
here
this
and you proceed by part cclat
a small scale
always proceeded on course to
facilitate demolding
so here sorry girls I have more than
drums
so we've done the rest
head you see that I proceeded by
part i saw part but be able to do
a lot more if you find that more
easy
So that's awarded to the last part
all girls have hair of
type 4 it's very very hard for you
must recognize me a cage match
it's longer for you than that
the air
so with your vapo you change the
hair part
insist on the points then you
go take your hair styling or
divine conditional brief that's it's
more than you too you try to
to make something without sulfate
and now we know it all with a
fat you have to know that more
you have frizzy hair over you
will need a fat
heavy here I use on his
hair a cocoa shea whipped cream
but prefer oils like oil
castor oil mustard and so on
and so that's it
we must have made the rag
method to the other method so that's to
say the water the water finally the vapo living and
the fat we take our comb
with wide teeth adam there I repeat or a
tiger type brush tiger but I
can do the comb with wide teeth and
we begin to unravel the test
always by the spikes
we start with the points because then
we go back
so here I think these points have
need a little cup but good king
damsel named by
and
of what there you see I really
gradually to the roots in
holding each time we separate the
hidden part of melee and the part in
emails and already for them it helps because
that you have more hold on the
hair and in addition the person of
meaning of the households whose
nobody
we are beyond the household
no, but honestly it hurts you
do you see to go up gradually
in addition to proceeding like that I you
ensures that it limits the breakage because
when you start with the roots
that is to say here and that you shoot and
that you do not have scrums
are going to create knots in fact she is
twice as difficult to unravel
you see now that I when
I arrive
to the roots
Well, I can stay behind without
have a big knot behind
prevents me from continuing so more pay
to small in even less frankly what
that you have frizzy hair
seriously happiness small teeth
is to give completely if you want
avoid breakage aggression of the look
now I started the show again
the additional time why
short of being there I was talking to the cameraman
apprentices in bella cheesa good
so yes it is she saves to buy so
why I prefer to make choices
sensible hair because in my opinion that's
time for hair only two valleys
where you do when even the blood
and not
so we try well there set up and
here
beaten at all where we doubled
hair and this is one of the households after
shampoo so it's the disentangling that is
reputed to be the most difficult the
more complicated especially on hair
which each enormously so here we go
how to ask the conductors
crinkly